# OIBGRIP
//////////Oasis Infobyte Web Development and Design Internship(Level 2)//////////                                                                                          
**1. Calculator:**

Glassmorphism Calculator with basic mathematical functionalities using HTML and CSS.

**2. Tribute Page**

Tribute Page for Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj using HTML and CSS.

**3. Basic To-do Webapp**

Basic To-do Webapp to organize and prioritize your tasks using HTML,CSS and JavaScript.

//////////Oasis Infobyte  Internship(Task 2)//////////

**Number Guessing Game**
A simple interactive random number guessing project designed using Java Swing and AWT.

In this project, the computer generates a random number between 1-100. We have to keep guessing the number until we find the computer's number. 

Each time we guess the wrong number, the computer will tell us whether the number is lower or higher than the random number generated by the computer.

If we succeeded in guessing the number, it will generate a congratulating message.Also, it will display our best score and total number of guesses as well.

This project is developed using Java Swing and AWT.

**ATM Interface**
A Java Based program( ATM Machine ) implements if Statements, For loops, try-catch block, while loop, Scanner class, Switch Statement.

It is a Java base application which contains Simple Feature of an ATM machine.

This application contains the Following Features-

1. ADD AMOUNT - By choosing this option user can add amount in his account.

2. WITHDRAW AMOUNT - By choosing this option user can withdraw amount from his account if the requested amount is less than the amount in his account.3. BALANCE ENQUIRY- It will show user's balance in his account.


4. CHANGE PIN - You can change your 4 digit pin by choosing this option. 

5.TRANSACTIONS - User's transactions will appear by choosing this option.

6. QUIT- User can quit the program.

The Program is Divided into Main class and Account Class.
